
  Valid targets:

    mega (default)

      Covers popular Atmel chips and associated Arduino boards. This is the
      primary target and default setting. All component features are included.

      Chips:  ATmega328p, ATmega32u4, ATmega1280, ATmega2560
      Boards: UNO, Nano, Mini, Ethernet
              Leonardo, Micro, Esplora, Leonardo ETH
              Mega 1280, Mega 2560, Mega ADK
              Most Lilypads (excluding ones with an ATmega168)

    esp8266

      Based on the ESP8266 chip by Espressif with integrated 2.4Ghz WiFi.
      This option includes all component features EXCEPT:
          Serial, LCD

      Chips:  ES8266, ESP8285
      Boards: WeMos D1, Node MCU, Generic ESP8266 Modules

      Note: Building the (default) serial sketch will only allow connections via
            serial. Build the WiFi sketch to connect via the integrated WiFi.

      Note: After the initial upload via serial, the WiFi sketch for this target
            supports over-the-air updates from the Arduino IDE using ArduinoOTA.

    core

      This includes only the core component feature set of dino:
        Set Pin Mode
        Digital Read/Write/Listen
        Analog Read/Write/Listen

      This is mostly useful for testing, or if severely limited on memory, as it
      is the smallest sketch possible and should be universally compatible.

    mega168

      This specifically targets the older ATmega168 chip used in early Arduinos.
      With half the RAM and flash available, we need to cut the sketch down.
      This option includes core functionality AND:
          Servo (6 maxmium), DHT, OneWire, IR Out, Tone, SPI, I2C

      Chips:  ATmega168
      Boards: Duemilanove, Diecimila, Pro, Pro Mini
              (Later versions of these may carry an ATmega328)

      Note: While you can generate this sketch using any connection type,
            only the serial version actually fits on the ATmega168.
            There is not enough memory available for Wi-Fi or Ethernet.
            Try the core target instead to tradeoff features for networking.

      Note: Aux message is always limited to 264 bytes or less for the ATmega168.
            Servo count is always limited to 6 (normally 12) for the ATmega168 chip.
            These limits apply as long as an Atmega168 is selected in the
            Arduino IDE, regardless of the options passed to this sketch generator.

    arm

      This is the same as mega, but omits libraries specifically known to be
      incompatible with the Atmel SAMD (ARM Cortex M0) chips. Use this when
      you need to load a sketch on the Arduino Due or similar boards.
      This option includes all component features EXCEPT:
          Serial, Tone, IR Out, I2C

      Chips:  AT91SAM3X8E
      Boards: Due

  NOTE: While different targets include different libraries, you can manually
  control which libraries are included at compile time by editing DinoDefines.h.
  To enable this, libraries unused by the sketch are copied to the sketch output
  folder anyway, provided they are not incompatible with the target architecture.
  Uncomment or comment #define lines in DinoDefines.h as needed.
